---
tags: journal
---

hi

things i want to do for this website:
 1. remove these journal entries from search
 2. finish making sp block thing
 3. styling! maybe draw some things or at least make it a lot more personal

long term:  
 1. make writing easier (can i write markdown from my phone/tablet??)
 2. make that keyboard thing (ilo nena)/some way of inputting sp

thoughts of today:
 - the way beings adapt and exist in the real world is because they are reactionary thats how
 they can find solutions to situations that aren't completely preplanned. i think about this a
 lot every time i ride a bike or throw something like i'm not a humanoid robot with these actions
 fully programmed, we constantly observe and update and predict and tweak. like consistent
 processed input leads to much better output. this comes from some sports yt video i watched
 about throwing and also angela colliers video about humanoid robots and also robo kin and also
 me being continually surprised at being able to bike no handed.
 - human input is so analog. i was thinking about why typing on keyboards feels so much worse than
 writing characters by hand like its faster and more precise why is it worse. like typing linear
 text might be better but thats literally it. i was thinking about a better way to navigate file
 systems/trees and why double clicking files and folders still feels better than cd ls cd ls.
    - like ok sure it would be better navigation wise if it ls-ed every time you cd-ed, but having
    to type the name of the dir/file every time you want to cd or open sucks so much butt. reading
    is way faster than writing. i thought that maybe a system where you can like use vim commands
    to cycle through files would be nicer than using the mouse but :Sex and :Vex is still ass. the
    problem is that you have so little control over the speed of selection changing. like with a 
    mouse you can see that your folder is far away and start moving the mouse in that direction
    fast, micro adjusting as you go along to hit the file. spamming jjjjjj may take the same time
    but feels so much worse. even holding j down sucks bc the refresh rate of selection changing
    is preset. the problem is if its too fast then it feels too slippery for small adjustments
    (picking a file that is right next to the current selection) but if its slow its painful 
    watching it inch over when you already know where the file you want to end up on is. then i 
    realized that its because each key input is digital, on or off, theres no way to push the 
    button harder and get a longer jump. ok i just realized you kind of can the key presses can
    have some sort of acceleration and it can even be like jumping in a video game except that has
    predictable gravity which makes it so much more precision controllable to humans i think. also
    the other problem is that only having 4 directions of movement control is so ass. ok but then
    i thought about having analog pressure buttons which maybe were like moving and turning and then
    i thought about trying to draw on a screen with these types of buttons and it would just be like
    a horrible etch a sketch this idea needs more work.
 - see this is the problem it takes me so long to write these trains of thought down i literally 
 thought all of that in like 5 minutes in cs class as he was talking about file systems in class.
 - im so insecure w friends i want to like me like ofc i am but its so annoying bc i know how
 pathetic i look and i hate HATE when other ppl are like that to me like grow a spine get some self
 respect actually care about yourself more than me so why cant i do that with others

things to look at tomorrow:
 - mythic bastionland reviews
 - more abt dolmenwood
 - mothership/ito crossover horror elements
 - ways to have this cross-death knight system from mythic bastionland in an into the odd setting
    - maybe death isnt death???
 - other non osr rpgs

what i want in an rpg:
 - non superheroic, non folk heroic, just heroic (in the sense that i want people to have character
 arcs, be somewhat special, be not super in danger of dying, but be very in danger of messing up)
 - less, fast combat, no to hit, damage, damage, done
    - no waiting around -> lazy dm said an interesting thing, weave narrative + exploration into combat
 - reward players coming up with ideas to solve things
 - inventory management i think ive come around on this resource management is cool and inventory
 is cooler than character sheet/spell slot management -> also more of a communal problem
 - not as much dungeon crawling as mystery solving
    - i love mysteries, horror, heists, political things
 - so maybe i dont like random encounters as much? ill have to think
 - combat should be a puzzle not just whack whack whack die
    - ig osr solves this by you actually just dying if you try to whack whack whack
 - need adventures/content to base things off of
 - this list needs more thought

other things:
 - harker grad tmr excited to talk to jason + see everyone
 - im so mad at myself for shutting down calista earlier this quarter i really need to stop doing that
 - chem midterm went fine like i know how to do everything i think i fucked a few things up whatever its
 genuinely discouraging how dumb some ppl are like i know im pretentious and i do love being smart but 
 goddamn sometimes i wish i had much smarter friends again like in high school. ALL THE SMART PPL HERE 
 ARE INTO AI BULLSHIT or are genuinely so autistic i just cannot :sob: there i go being pretentious again
 - can someone please play game w me I REALLY WANNA PLAY TTRPGS AGAIN GODDAMNIT
 - breakfast is good i hope i do this more
 - i should hang out with friends who actually want me there/try to plan things with me: amy, angela, 141
 i fucking love 141 man i got so lucky that they were forced to be friends with me :sob:
